# Journal Summary
The *Journal of Privacy and Confidentiality* is an open-access multi-disciplinary journal whose purpose is to facilitate the coalescence of research methodologies and activities in the areas of privacy, confidentiality, and disclosure limitation. The JPC seeks to publish a wide range of research and review papers, not only from academia, but also from government (especially official statistical agencies) and industry, and to serve as a forum for exchange of views, discussion, and news.

# About the journal
When the founders of this Journal—Cynthia Dwork, Stephen Fienberg and Alan Karr—made its initial call for papers, they and we identified many constituencies that participate in the scientific analysis of privacy and confidentiality. **Statisticians**, particularly those working within national statistical offices, have developed the field of statistical disclosure limitation. **Computer scientists** contribute work in privacy-preserving data-mining and cryptographic analyses of privacy. **Lawyers** and **social scientists** study the role of government and regulation in the creation and protection of individual and business privacy. **Health researchers** struggle with the trade-off between a patient’s privacy and the contribution to science that access to integrated medical records might allow. **Survey designers** in all fields of human endeavor wrestle with methods of enticing survey cooperation under a variety of ethical and privacy guarantees. Gargantuan online services gather petabytes of data on search queries, online purchases, e-mail exchanges, and other social network interactions while pushing their computer scientists to exploit the corporate asset these data represent without damaging the companies’ ability to do future business by breaching the confidence of their client/users. And many, many data users from all of the fields listed above perform analyses that are conditioned on the privacy and confidentiality protections imposed on their work without all the means to assess the consequences of those measures on the inferences they have made. We are certainly not the first journal to venture into this domain. But we are *the first journal to solicit actively contributions from the entire community that are aimed at multiple constituencies within that community*.

For a longer description, see Abowd, John M.; Nissim, Kobbi; and Skinner, Chris J. (2009) "First Issue Editorial," *Journal of Privacy and Confidentiality*: Vol. 1 : Iss. 1 , Article 1. Available at: http://repository.cmu.edu/jpc/vol1/iss1/1.
