*Journal of Privacy and Confidentiality (JPC)\
*Disclosure Policy

**Disclosure Principles**

Submissions to the *JPC* must conform to the following disclosure
policies.

1.  Every submitted article should state the sources of financial
    support for the particular research it describes. If none, that fact
    should be stated.

2.  Each author of a submitted article should identify each interested
    party from whom he or she has received significant financial
    support, summing to at least \$10,000 in the past three years, in
    the form of consultant fees, retainers, grants and the like. The
    disclosure requirement also includes in-kind support, such as
    providing access to data. If the support in question comes with a
    nondisclosure obligation, that fact should be stated, along with as
    much information as the obligation permits. If there are no such
    sources of funds, that fact should be stated explicitly.\
    An "interested" party is any individual, group, or organization that
    has a financial, ideological, or political stake related to the
    article.

3.  Each author should disclose any paid or unpaid positions as officer,
    director, or board member of relevant non-profit organizations or
    profit-making entities. A "relevant" organization is one whose
    policy positions, goals, or financial interests relate to the
    article.

4.  The disclosures required above apply to any close relative or
    partner of any author.

5.  Each author must disclose if another party had the right to review
    the paper prior to its circulation, and if so, whether such review
    took place.

**Instructions**

Each (co-)author must follow the instructions provided by the JPC
regarding the format of the disclosure statement. The disclosure
statement must include the (co-)author's name and the title of the
article. If there is nothing to disclose, that fact should be explicitly
stated in the disclosure statement.

The disclosure statement(s) will be available to referees.

Failure to disclose relevant information at the submission stage may
result in reversal of acceptance decisions. If failure to disclose is
discovered after the paper is published, the journal reserves the right
to post a note notifying readers that the author(s) of the paper
violated the *JPC* Disclosure Policy. Violations of the Disclosure
Policy will be brought to the attention of the Board of Directors of the
Society for Privacy and Confidentiality Research, who will decide on the
appropriate course of action in each case, which may include retracting
the paper

**Publication of Disclosure**

For published articles, all disclosure statements are made available to
the public.

**Institutional Review Board (IRB) Approval**

For any paper involving the collection or secondary analysis of data on
human subjects, the author(s) must disclose whether they have obtained
Institutional Review Board (IRB) approval; if no IRB approval was
obtained or necessary, the reason should be stated.

For example, if the authors have not obtained IRB approval because their
institutions do not have IRBs, that fact should be stated in the
Disclosure Statement and in the acknowledgments footnote.

Adopted by the SPCR Board of Directors on April 21, 2025.
